# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [unreleased]

### Bug Fixes

- Limits version of forward kinematics allowed, addresses #128.

## [0.8.9] - 2023-11-27

### Bug Fixes

- Fixes unit test for self collision avoidance.

### Fix[selfcollision]

- Fixes #45 by adding variables names for self collision links.

### [ft_base_prismatic]

- Add prismatic joint to panda
- Prismatic joint done

### Ft[base_prismatic]

- Restores the list of end-links to ensure that constraints goals are respected.

### Ft[selfcollision]

- Adds body radiusses in panda self collision example.

### Ft[test]

- Adds ignore flag for casadi Function wrapper accepting all the different input types.

## [0.8.8] - 2023-10-24

### Bug Fixes

- Fixes distance line to line clamping error.
- Fixes panda example for capsule cuboid geometry and adds corresponding tests. Still an issue with some capsules due to Jdot being nan.

### Miscellaneous Tasks

- Adds depration to required dependencies.

### WIP

- Panda dual arm.

### Ft[coverage]

- Adds test for generic leaf and capsule cuboid leaf.

### Ft[cuboids]

- Uncomments cuboid capsule related maps.

### Ft[example]

- Restores simple panda example and adds simple dual vacuum example.

### Ft[helpers]

- Adds helper function to compute rotation matrix.

### Ft[rotation]

- Deprecates angle usage in subgoals.
- Changes panda examples to not use subgoal attribute angle anymore.

### Ft[rotations]

- Idea on simplifying rotations is working :rocket.

## [0.8.7] - 2023-09-29

### Bug Fixes

- Fixes line to line and cuboid distances.

### Ft[cpp-bridge]

- Adds some basic documentation.
- Adds commented line in panda example to export as c code.

### Ft[cpp]

- Allows to export planner as c code. Adds example of how to use it.

### Ft[distance]

- Changes line-to-line distance to a closed form solution rather than sampling.

### Ft[distances]

- Adds sample-free distance computation for cuboids.

<!-- generated by git-cliff -->
